Improve Git and Set up documention (#178)
dionysos-dev/Dionysos.jl: docs/src/developers/setup.md

# Set up

> This guides shows you what to do you start developing for Dionysos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows you what to do when you start developing for Dionysos.
```
